the next stage that we have to do
is to remove the pin bones here
so you can see the pin bones are sticking up
a lot of times you cannot see the pin bones
but you can feel them so if you just use your
finger and pull back you can actually feel them
so what you do is you grab a pair of tweezers
and you grab each one of them and pull them out
so I have a little bowl of water that i've kept
and what I want to do is just stick my tweezers
in and I'm just going to dip this into some water
so I can get each one of them so again it's the
direction of which way it's coming out so you want
to look for those pin bones and if you see if i
just push it they stick out and once I see them
sticking out I can just grab them just like that
and it's very delicate and you want
to be very delicate with the fish
and you want to keep it as fresh
as possible so you want to do this
reasonably quick you don't want to have
your fish sitting at room temperature
if you miss one you can easily just rub your
finger down and feel the ones that you've missed
sometimes you can't see them
but you can definitely feel them
when people are quick at this fishmonger friends
of mine very fast at removing all of these they
just pull them out like this and use your water
to dip your tweezers in to keep it nice and clean